= wmonk

wmonk (Web Monk) is a command line application for making static copies of websites.

Note: This application is currently considered ALPHA and will experience major changes to the user interfaces, internal
interfaces, functionality and data storage.

== The Need

wmonk attempts to copy complex, dynamic websites which other solutions fail to accurately copy, usually due to:
* internal redirects
* redirects to internal resources through a third party website
* resources, such as CSS and Javascript, not parsed for URLs by other solutions

== Overview

wmonk uses a working forlder for each website to be copied.  The working folder is used to contain wmonk's
configuration for spidering and parsing websites, as well as the static copy of websites.

wmonk's command line interface provides:
* init -- to initialize a working folder for configuration and website responses for an individual website
* spider -- to spider a website
* serve_info -- to provide a web interface to information about the copy of the website
* serve_web -- to browse the static copy of the website

== Examples

  % wmonk help
  % wmonk -p ~/sites/example.com init -a http://www.example.com
  % wmonk -p ~/sites/example.com spider
  % wmonk -p ~/sites/example.com serve_web

== Implementation Details

wmonk stores a static copy of a website in a single SQLite3 file.  The static copy contains the website's responses
to each request for a resource.

== Bugs

Report bugs to https://github.com/sutch/wmonk/issues.

== License

Copyright 2013 Dennis Sutch

This file is part of wmonk.

wmonk is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License
as published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

wmonk is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty
of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with wmonk. If not,
see http://www.gnu.org/licenses/.
